DOCS-10287-PM_AddCertificateKeystore_ESB (#116)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint-as2-send.adoc

|===
|Setting |Description |Required

|Owner
|The trading partner or host that owns the endpoint.
|Yes

|Usage

> |The usage of the endpoint. For receive endpoints, the value in this field is `Send to partners`. The value in this field is automatically generated based on the type of endpoint created.

Reviewer: ditto prev. re. "usage"

Author: Done

|No

|Protocol
|The protocol selected in the *Protocol* field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window.
|Yes

|Partner

> |The partner to whom the transaction is sent.

Reviewer: Have we consistently treated "partner" as a "who" or a "what"? Standardize throughout.

Author: It seems to be a "who".

|Yes

|Endpoint Name

> |The name used to identify the endpoint

Reviewer: In peer elements that use a mixture of fragments and sentences, all elements should end with a period.
When possible, don't mix:
```suggestion
|The name used to identify the endpoint.
```

|The user-defined field for describing the purpose and use of the endpoint.
| No

|Partner AS2 URL

> |Your trading partner’s AS2 URL to which outbound EDI transmissions need to be sent.

Reviewer: need to > must

Author: Done

|Yes

|Filename pattern
|xref:file-name-pattern.adoc[File name pattern] as required by your partner or backend application.
|Yes

|Request receipt

> a|Specify if you want the partner to send an MDN receipt back, confirming the receipt of the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a|Specify if you want the partner to return an MDN receipt, confirming the receipt of the message.
```
